Song Song Eleven
Please save my family
I'll walk with you
It's fine here.
I'll just go alone.
Oh, no.
Ah!
sister
There is no way.
It's important
Looking for brother
Sister, don't call me sister
I don't have you as my brother
You bastard
Calm down.
Brother Xun is him
It was he who agreed to Bitter Winter's request
Killed your brother
He will kill my parents in the cold winter
Because I was hiding in the closet.
So I narrowly escaped
Sorry sister
I'm sorry, our father and mother can do it.
That's it.
Get the weather settled first, and then think of countermeasures. Let's go
You are very sick
Just skin trauma
Just put some medicine on it.
I'll go buy it, Song Xun, Lord Song, my sister invited you.
Thank you brother
Can we get along again?
Hey, hey, don't get me wrong.
You just have a bad conscience
Miss Su and I are getting married soon
Strange that the pharmacy is downstairs
What took you so long?
not good
primary school
You can't run this time, can you?